Provide nice SNS Topic name and update README with usage examples (#36)
ASFHyP3/CMR-notifier: README.md

# CMR Notifier

> The CMR Notifier project provide public AWS SNS Topics that monitoring applications can subscribe to for new granule notification. Currently, this repository provides these topics:

Reviewer: Just a minor nit-pick, this reads like there should be multiple topics.
```suggestion
The CMR Notifier project provides public AWS SNS Topics that monitoring applications can subscribe to for new granule notification. Currently, this repository provides this topic:
```
